Web app MatchIt Windows 10

Summary: Oglasi tab - Text and icons are not sharp on the whole page.

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the webpage

2 click Svi oglasi button,

Actual result:

After we click Svi oglasi button text contained in the first row with
column names (Id,Naziv oglasa, Status, Kandidati, Matches, Arhiviraj,
Izmeni,Dupliraj), text and icons are blurred. .

Expected result:

After we click Svi oglasi button , text contained in the first row
should be optimised for all screen sizes.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YMMhZQ0alu1s-VVtleuT-u-schEvqW_5/view?usp=drive_link

Web app MatchIt Windows 10

Summary: Oglasi tab - Text spacing is to small.

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the webpage

2 Click Svi oglasi button,

Actual result:

After we click Svi oglasi button, text contained in the first row with
column names (Id,Naziv Oglasa, Status, Kandidati, Matches, Arhiviraj,
Izmeni,Dupliraj), letter spacing for each column is too close .

Expected result:

After we click Svi oglasi button, letter spacing should be optmised for
all screen sizes .

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YMMhZQ0alu1s-VVtleuT-u-schEvqW_5/view?usp=drive_link

Web app MatchIt Windows 10

Summary: Input field Drzava does not sort Gradovi when users choose a
certain state(Drzava)

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the application

2 click Svi oglasi button

3 click Dodaj oglas button

4 scroll down to Lokacija

5 choose Drzava

6 choose Grad

Actual result:

After users choose Drzava on the next step when the user chooses option
Grad all Cities are shown not the Cities that belong to the chosen State

Expected result:

After users choose their Drzava, Gradovi should be filtered according to
the Drzava that we select.

Example(Srbija, Engleska, Kanada)

https://drive.google.com/file/d/13brz2wffnaHQoCDK9DdXo3d77Je61Jzu/view?usp=drive_link

Web app MatchIt Windows 10

Summary: Oglasi tab Input fields vertically misaligned.

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the application

2 Click Svi oglasi button

3 Click Dodaj oglas button

4 Scroll down to Lokacija

Actual result:

2 Input fields on Oglasi section Srbija and Grad are vertically
misaligned

Expected result:

Both fields should be aligned vertically and horizontally

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZdeAMzmLhlc61qBTEwy2Hy3YU-PTnd2P/view?usp=drive_link

Web app MatchIt Windows 10 on git

Summary: Visual error(thick black line) in the Pregled profila kompanije
when the screen size is reduced to mobile phone size

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the application

2 Click User name

3 Choose Company profile

4 go to O kompaniji

Actual result:

Above the headline O kompaniji there is a visual error shown thick black
line above it.

Expected result:

Headlines should be clearly for mobile displays

Example: (I phone x, Iphone 14 pro max, Samsung S20 )

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nNz-LhgNPt2RPqXFPPks7oB47D0QTOvW/view?usp=drive_link

Summary: Visual error years of experience in the Medior android
developer advertisement displayed on our android or IOS device does not
match the years of experience we input when we create the advert in the
web app. mobile/web app

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the application

2 click Svi oglasi

3 Choose Medior android developer oglas

4 go to Godine iskustva

5 Log into the mobile app

6 find the Medior android developer advertisement

7 go to Tehnologije/godine iskustva

Actual result:

When the user finds this advertisement and takes a look at the godine
iskustva they can see the requirement called years of experience
represented as yellow dots

Expected result:

When the user goes to the advertisement Medior android developer and
takes a look at the years of experience they should see the requirement
shown as yellow dots. The number of dots should be the same as the years
of experience that the user sets in the web app when the new
advertisement is made.

Comment: This visual error is shown on all advertisements currently
shown in the Android and IOS app.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/11aXMxtsn0Xp2PSL7DAKQ4sar6X1hHdYx/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EPdBGP0EIEnYOqqoRXjC7v7-s9JfgGag/view?usp=drive_link

Mobile app MatchIt android 13 Samsung S23 Ultra

Summary:Visual bug in the Tehnologije section, Vestine i Bedzevi,
Benefiti section the complete section is not shown

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the mobile app

2 Click Profil button

3 Choose Tehnologije, Benefit, Bedzevi

Actual result:

When the user goes to Tehnologije, Benefiti, Bedzevi section the list of
technologies is shown, on the lower part of the list the last row is
displayed only partially

Expected result:

When the user goes to Tehnologije, Benefit, Bedzevi section the list is
shown, on the lower part of the list in the last row options should be
clearly visible

Note: The same visual error is reproduced in Bedzevi, Tehnologije,
Benefit section

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gws_ZKQn6Ebo7eXQ0Pwj0mWgVnlO64vH/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dFUbHR-\_xLRgfIVFfogjPfWs4UJsI7Y6/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JxsHStjSHNTqRqrLnWA8wvhNReN7OYkQ/view?usp=drive_link

web app (windows 10 )

Summary: Visual bug in Oglasi section medior android developer “None”
and all the other advertisements shown not only the one stated here.

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the web app

2 Open oglasi section

3 Choose medior android developer go to deck kandidata or any other
advertisement medior ios developer etc

Actual result:

When the user goes to this page there is a section called Iskustvo
beneath it is a text “None” with an underline.

Expected result:

When the user goes to this page there is a section called Iskustvo
beneath that are only users skills with years of experience should be
visible.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xS3MeMY_O4fMYao08JRMc_WGWX-jm3bZ/view?usp=drive_link

web app (windows 10 )

Summary: Visual bug in Matchat section

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the web app

2 Open Matchat section

3 open any chat listed second column on the left side

Actual result:

When the user goes to this and selects a certain chat text contained in
the chat selected is overflowing the container on smaller screen sizes.

Expected result:

When the user goes to this and selects a certain chat the text within
the container should be displayed properly for all screen sizes.

Example ( Ipad pro, laptop, samsung galaxy s23 ultra) .

Summary: Visual bug in Matchat section first message shows a modal with
extra options shown partially

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the web app

2 Open Matchat section

3 open any chat listed second column on the left side

4.Go to the first message in chat click on the … dots on the top right
side (extra options)

5\. A modal is opened

Actual result:

When the user goes to this section first message and clicks on … dots a
modal is opened with additional options this modal is not fully
displayed it is displayed partially.

Expected result:

When the user goes to this section first message and clicks on … dots a
modal is opened with additional options this modal should be optimised
for all screen sizes from desktop to mobile.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EzngOGEIDGn54YStDGf102JNkVXcOVg1/view?usp=drive_link

Summary: Visual bug in Matchat section first message shows a modal with
extra options shown partially, thread section that contains text
displays it vertically

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the web app

2 Open Matchat section

3 open any chat listed second column on the left side

4.Go to the first message in chat click on the two arrows pointing left
besides … dots

5\. A new section is opened called thread

Actual result:

When the user goes to this section the message is displayed vertically,
and there is a visual black dot shown in the input area right next to
the send msg button

Expected result:

When the user goes to this section the message should be displayed
according to the screen size.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wsjdB72kFtmY1S_I94gB6CwkXxzPS5x\_/view?usp=drive_link

Summary: Oglasi tab - Medior IOS developer section is moved to the
bottom of the page on mobile screen size .

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the webpage

2 Go to oglasi section,

3 Select medior IOS developer

Note: (same is reproduced for all other advertisements in the oglasi
section)

Actual result:

after we click Svi oglasi button and choose Medior IOS developer section
O projektu is moved to the bottom of the page above the footer on
certain mobile screen sizes (i phone 14 pro max, i phone 12 pro, i phone
X) .

Expected result:

after we click Svi oglasi button and choose Medior IOS developer section
O projektu should be displayed properly for all mobile screen sizes..

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tmahbjKzYtzO8Di_PwxdQYBD-hLulnHP/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yrj_ZsEklSUg-tH9y7oA22OEeagL3A5i/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/17X-sYAGSnZEM6A-awSOaVC6tgGpYRert/view?usp=drive_link

Summary: Oglasi section kreiranje oglasa - hamburger menu moves all the
other elements out to the right side outside the mobile screen size

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the webpage

2 Go to oglasi section,

3 Go to kreiraj novi oglas

3 reduce screen size to mobile size choose iphone 14 pro

Actual result:

After the page is loaded when the hamburger menu is clicked all the
other content moves to the right outside of the current screen size and
complete section Oglasi can be moved left or right by scrolling but the
complete section is under the hamburger menu on the left side.

Expected result:

After the page is loaded Oglasi section should be displayed properly for
all mobile screen sizes..

Example ( screen sizes below Ipad pro dimensions reproduce this bug)

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1964xG35XTUdRz96tKnMSPpe5fL6eCz5L/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oIC5upI_Y\_pJjtp9c385BhEo4JBUCSzi/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Wihy3oUS83bXcHbLSHZahSFAJTkV0rhy/view?usp=drive_link

Summary: Oglasi section - hamburger menu moves all the other elements
out to the right side outside the mobile screen size

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the webpage

2 Go to oglasi section,

3 reduce screen size

Actual result:

After the page is loaded the section svi oglasi is displayed properly
until the certain screen size, when it is reduced to 763x1154 the
columns “Izmeni” and “Dupliraj” overflow from the container .

Expected result:

After the page is loaded Oglasi section should be displayed properly for
all screen sizes.

Example (all screen sizes below Ipad pro dimensions reproduce this bug)

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YMMhZQ0alu1s-VVtleuT-u-schEvqW_5/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hUG95K6cPaJORenq70Jsjn7pMonpC-ZS/view?usp=drive_link

Summary: Oglasi section -entry level android developer- matches
section - the columns on the right “Matchat” and “Profil kandidata” are
shown together one under another at smaller screen sizes

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the webpage

2 Go to oglasi section,

3 Choose entry level android developer go to matches and click

Actual result:

After the page is loaded columns on the right “Matchat” and “Profil
kandidata” are displayed one to another until screen size is reduced to
729x1154px, after that they are shown one under another and they are
overlapping (standing one over the other with no space between them).

Expected result:

After the page is loaded Matchesi section should be displayed properly
for smaller screen sizes..

https://drive.google.com/file/d/18Q1XrNTAfaZqQabJP5C5HOs-ZqIrvJkr/view?usp=drive_link

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1o_RSdYRjTgZ3U_C4Cy\_-rRWmrdUmEbkq/view?usp=drive_link

Summary: Matchat -first chat in the column “Dalibor Ivanovic”-on slower
network speeds (slow 3g) the complete chat is not loaded

Steps to reproduce:

1 Log into the webpage

2 Go to matchat section,

3 Choose Dalibor Ivanovic and open the chat

Actual result:

On my windows 10 Google chrome browser on desktop and mobile screen
sizes the chat is not loaded completely.

Expected result:

Matchat with the chosen chat member “Dalibor Ivanovic” should be loaded

Note:The same bug is reproduced when the whole matchat section is
clicked on and redirected to.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HE-K6CGlpR7oVFFNG85gd8MsmMsl1FHR/view?usp=drive_link
