Improvements

1

Current :User is only able to log in through a link that is received by
email

Requested:

Creation of Log in option and Sign up option, after we open the
application we should have Log In button with the text ‘Log in ’ if we
are not logged In, and the other option with the text ‘Sign Up if you do
not have an account.

Log in button leads to the page where we can Log in to our account with
a password that the user created or with a link that he received in his
email (extra option on the same page “forgot your password here you can
reset it” anchor link or something like that).

Sign Up button takes us to the Sign Up page where we use our email and
choose a password for the account or choose to use the link that we
receive now.

Reason:

Better User experience and shortened time needed to Log in into the app

If our User wants to change his log in method an option can be added in
the profile settings. Currently User can only log in through email link
he wants to change that option to Login with a password and the opposite
way should be included

2\.

Current:

Users communicate with an HR through our app if there is a match.

Requested:

Add HR email in the information profile of the company so that the user
can send the CV even if he has not been matched with the company.

Reason:

Users have extra means of communication with the company

3\.

Current:

Address of the company is visible

Requested:

When users click on the adress of the company a modal is opened with the
location of the company in google maps.

Reason:

User is not from the City that the company is from they can easily have
a quick look at the location and find the quickest way to the location,
if the street name is changed Users cannot find the location of the
company through google maps or any other app, this way our user can have
a look at the location of the company even if the street name is
changed.

4\.

Current:

Our app matches companies with the users that have less than 1 year of
working experience.

Requested:

Users with less than 1 year of experience can choose an additional
option for Internship (options paid/unpaid internship) .

Reason:

In this way we can match companies with students that do not have enough
experience but they want to work on their skills through internship.
